Add 2.03 to CoAP cacheable codes (#87)
t2trg/t2trg-rest-iot: draft-irtf-t2trg-rest-iot.md

The codes starting with 4 mean client error (e.g., bad syntax in the request) whereas codes starting with 5 mean server error; there was no apparent problem with the request, but the server was not able to fulfill the request.

For CoAP, the response code alone decides whether a response is cacheable, while HTTP uses explicit cache-control headers or rules over method and code.

> CoAP responses with code 2.03, 2.05, 4.xx, and 5.xx are cacheable.

Reviewer: This is a bit weird, in that 2.03 extends the cacheability of an existing cached response (and updates its Max-Age); it doesn't establish a new cacheable response on its own.
That's probably why that wasn't just mentioned as a cacheable response per se.

Author: Good point. I guess we could either 1) clarify that with some text 2) close the PR without merging

Author: Now further clarified below.

> CoAP responses with code 2.03, 2.05, 4.xx, and 5.xx are cacheable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CoAP responses with code 2.05, 4.xx, and 5.xx are cacheable, and responses with code 2.03 update the cache lifetime (MaxAge option) of an existing cached response.
```

> CoAP responses with code 2.05, 4.xx, and 5.xx are cacheable, and responses with code 2.03 update the cache lifetime (MaxAge option) of an existing cached response.

Reviewer: I don't know whether that fits here, but a reference to Section 5.9.1.3 of RFC 7252 would help find the details (and maybe to 5.9 for the general theme).

Reviewer 2: I think the pointer to Section 5.9.1.3 of RFC 7252 would be very helpful, as this alone is not understandable.

The "(MaxAge option)" I would move out into its own statement, as I felt a reminder to think about and assign an appropriate Max-Age value is quite important, in particular for error responses (e.g., 5.03 or 4.29 "Retry-After", 4.04 of a dynamic resource versus one that is outside the resource state design).

```suggestion
CoAP responses with code 2.05, 4.xx, and 5.xx are cacheable, whereas responses with code 2.03 update the cache lifetime of an existing cached response (see {{Section 5.9.1.3 of RFC 7252}}).
Note that the Max-Age Option defaults to 60 seconds when absent; applications should set Max-Age according to their detailed knowledge such as resource stability for 2.05 responses and volatility of error responses (see also {{Section 5.9.3.4 of RFC7252}} and {{RFC8516}}).
```

The codes starting with 4 mean client error (e.g., bad syntax in the request) whereas codes starting with 5 mean server error; there was no apparent problem with the request, but the server was not able to fulfill the request.

For CoAP, the response code alone decides whether a response is cacheable, while HTTP uses explicit cache-control headers or rules over method and code.
CoAP responses with code 2.05, 4.xx, and 5.xx are cacheable, whereas responses with code 2.03 update the cache lifetime of an existing cached response (see {{Section 5.9.1.3 of RFC 7252}}).

> Note that the Max-Age Option defaults to 60 seconds when absent; applications should set Max-Age according to their detailed knowledge such as resource stability for 2.05 responses and volatility of error responses (see also {{Section 5.9.3.4 of RFC7252}} and {{RFC8516}}).

Author: This could be further clarified with something like:

```suggestion
Note that the Max-Age Option defaults to 60 seconds when absent. Applications should set Max-Age according to their detailed knowledge of application state and potential errors, for example, based on resource stability for 2.05 (Content) responses and volatility of error responses (e.g., if a certain query is invalid only temporarily or forever). See also {{Section 5.9.3.4 of RFC7252}} and {{RFC8516}}.
```

Reviewer: LGTM.  S/if certain query/if a certain query/

Author: thanks! fixed
